What?
What is it?
Are you sleeping?
-Oh my gosh!
-Have you lost your mind?
I must have lost my mind.
EPISODE 5
WAVERING HEART #FirstLove
JONG-YEOUL YOON
No.
Are you sleeping?
No!
JONG-YEOUL YOON
Are you sleeping?
Look at this for me.
What do you think of them?
It's fun.
-Really?
-Is it a comedy?
Isn't this them?
That...
That... No? Is it folk music?
Watch what you say when you drink,
because you will always regret it.
Is there a way to delete this?
He didn't see it yet.
-No.
-There is.
-You know where he lives, right?
-Yes.
Sneak into his house.
Steal his cell phone.
Delete your text. Perfect, right?
Why did I do that?
I repeat.
There are ten things
you should never say when you're drunk...
Be quiet!
It's fine. Everyone does that
at least once when they're drunk.
-Have you done that too?
-No.
I have.
Should I write "haha," like I was joking?
-No.
-Don't.
That's weirder.
Why? I think it's okay.
She never listens to me.
JONG-YEOUL YOON
Are you sleeping?
What is he doing? Why won't he read it?
He may have read it and is pretending.
-Really?
-You didn't know?
He can preview it and not open the app.
Doesn't everyone who dates know that?
Really?
How did you know that, General Cho?
You're not dating.
That's how I read Ye-ji's texts
when I don't want to respond.
Maybe he's really ignoring me.
Hot.
Then why did he say he liked me?
He said he liked me first.
He said he would love me forever!
Why aren't you checking
your text messages?
Are you pretending not to read it?
YE-JI AHN
Sorry. I was washing up.
Am I that hot?
You'll look shorter
if your muscles get bigger.
-Hey!
-What?
Where are you going?
-Why are you being rude?
-You are too.
Are you going to see that drunkard?
-Are you two dating?
-What?
You hear that a lot, don't you?
Why do you care?
You're right. Why do I care?
Freak.
-Are you interested in her?
-What?
Dream on. She likes tall guys.
Not tall people?
Shoot.
Right? Aren't they similar?
But they're just scribbles.
Don't they all look alike?
Do you do this when you're mad?
Write things like this?
No.
I don't either.
So what you mean is,
the person who lives there
isn't the recipient,
-but the author?
-Yes.
From what I've seen,
they're not such bad people.
Not enough to get this.
Isn't the person who wrote it
just as weird?
She wrote it spontaneously
because she was angry.
See? You just don't want them
to be bad people.
You.
You can't hate anyone, can you?
Your dad, or your housemates.
You just pretend to hate them.
Right?
Ji-won, is this yours?
Wow. No.
Jin-myung, did you get it
since you got a job? With the chef...
It isn't mine.
It isn't Eun-jae's style.
General Cho.
That's what she wore under her armor?
No way.
Why not? It's a world in which
Jin-myung does baby-talk.
Shut it.
Maybe Yi-na left it last time
she was here.
What now?
The one just disappeared. It's gone.
JONG-YEOUL YOON
Are you sleeping?
-He's ignoring you.
What if he thinks I'm not over him?
-You're not.
-I am.
-I don't think you are.
-No, you're not.
-I am!
Why is she taking it out on me?
JONG-YEOUL YOON
Are you sleeping?
EUN-JAE YOO
Why?
Is something wrong?
Mom, I'm hungry.
"I meant to send it to my mom.
I sent the text by mistake."
"I meant to...
"I meant to send it to my mom.
I sent the text by mistake."
I sent..."
I sent the text by mistake.
Yes. I figured you did.
I meant to send it to my mom but...
What's the big deal?
No.
You are watching a crazy girl
having an episode.
Let's speak with an expert in the field.
What do you think?
I think it's time.
Yes, that's right. She says it's time.
Then how long do you predict
this stage to last?
They say it usually takes
half the duration of the relationship
to heal from it.
They dated for a year and a half.
Half of that means nine months.
My goodness.
For nine months, we'll see a psychotic...
We will now hear from our sponsors, JTBC.
Hello?
Ho-chang Kwon...
Oh. Ho-chang Kwon.
What's up?
You want to talk?
Okay. Sure.
Okay.
It's a guy.
-Yes.
-A date?
It's not really a date.
He just wants us to meet.
"He just wants us to meet." How cocky.
Is he cute?
What's the standard of cuteness?
In terms of looks...
His look wasn't so bad.
I must be crazy.
-Is this the only place you know?
-Sorry?
You seem to always be here.
I hear that a lot.
What did you want to talk about?
Yes. What we were talking about last time.
Pardon?
I was telling you about the app
that I was developing.
It's like a mobile lie detector.
Most lie detectors
measure sweat and pulse.
-Hold on.
-But this works with the voice...
Excuse me.
Yes?
Did you really call me here
to talk about this?
Yes. You said let's talk about it later.
Did I...
misunderstand you again?
Yes.
I'm sorry.
Did you grow up abroad or something?
No. Why?
I just...
You don't seem to understand people
very well.
I hear that a lot.
Then do you not have anything else to say?
No.
May I go then?
Sure.
-Why are you back so early?
-Whatever.
What's his problem? I'm so annoyed.
Why? What is it?
Did he immediately want to go to a motel
and ask you to pay?
What the heck?
This actually happened
with Ye-eun's ex-boyfriend...
-What is it now?
-That scumbag.
-He's going on a blind date.
-Really? Isn't that a bit too soon?
Exactly.
How did you know?
Look. I got it from a Facebook friend
of a Facebook friend of his.
He set up blind dates for six people.
Physical Education majors.
Physical Education?
Please be weightlifters.
Don't underestimate weightlifters.
Don't look down on Mi-ran Jang!
No, it's just... he likes tight clothing.
-Wrestlers are good too.
-Our School of Physical Education
has gymnasts and rhythmic gymnasts too.
So what?
Nothing. I just meant...
Our School of Physical Education
is diverse.
Set me up with a guy.
That's how you ask for a favor?
Please set me up.
You said to get over a guy with a new guy.
-Do you know any guys?
-Me?
I'll do it.
You will?
The 21st-century matchmaker. Madam Song.
Any preferences?
Just any guy.
-But it has to be by this Thursday.
-Why?
I'm going to meet someone
at least one day before he does. Okay?
She's being competitive
over the strangest things.
I choose you.
Sorry? What do you mean?
-Blind date.
-Sorry?
Are you free tomorrow?
ASSESSMENT SHEET
NAME OF GROUP: ASGARD
HEIMDALLR
Why are you thinking so hard?
It's a little hard.
Isn't that due this week?
It is.
HEIMDALLR
DREAM ROCK FESTIVAL
Damn it.
Hey.
Hey!
What are you doing here?
I was just...
Why aren't you performing?
Damn it.
I shouldn't curse.
We were supposed to get seven minutes,
but they said Da-mi So's slot after us
was too short and cut us.
It's so annoying.
Wait until we make it big!
Sorry.
You would've enjoyed our performance.
Well... No.
Thank you for the meds and porridge.
-Are you feeling better?
-Yes, thanks to your love.
-What?
-This is a secret.
I've never gotten that before.
You know, a tribute.
"Tribute"?
A gift from a fan.
You're my number one fan.
No, I'm not. It wasn't expensive,
and we work
-at the same company...
-Hey! Get over here!
Coming!
Okay. I won't tell anyone else.
Bye.
-He lost 30kg?
-I had no clue.
Hey.
Listen.
Tell them.
I only meant it as a joke.
What? A joke?
A joke should be funny.
What about this is funny?
I didn't serve in the army
because I was obese?
How is that funny?
The part where I said
you looked pregnant...
What? Then it isn't true
that you lost 30kg?
Hey. You believed it too?
Well, I did question it, but...
I guess not.
I was going to ask how you did it.
That's odd. That's not what I heard.
What?
I heard the reason
you didn't serve in the army
was due to a mental illness.
Mental illness.
Just how many lies did you tell?
Well...
I prepared a bunch
since I didn't know what you would like.
Listen up. I didn't serve
in the army because I tore my ACL
while playing soccer in high school!
He kicked the ground instead of the ball.
I can prove it! I have the scar! Look.
Look. Seriously.
-Oh my goodness.
-Seriously.
It's not like I can show you.
Show us.
Why I ought to... You little...
Are you two dating?
No way.
You mean it, right?
You really aren't dating, right?
Why do you care?
That's right. Why do you care?
Just... I want it to be clear.
"Just... I want it to be clear."
That coy little thing.
You're loving it, aren't you?
You're holding it in, aren't you?
Look at this punk. Your lips
are twitching because you want to smile.
Stop that. What's the big deal?
True. There was always one of those
at the beginning of every semester.
What do girls see in this punk?
Is it your back? Your once-torn ACL?
Are you using magic?
So? Will you date the sweet girl?
Don't be ridiculous.
Why not? She's pretty and cute.
I'm better, but still.
It's a pain.
Don't press charges against me
or anything for asking this, okay?
-Promise?
-What are you going to say now?
How do you satisfy
your cravings from down there?
You look normal enough.
-Let's go see a doctor.
-You go see a doctor.
-I already went.
-Not an ENT doctor. A psychiatrist.
You've gotten weird lately.
Is it weird that I'm weird?
That's true. You've always been weird,
but it got worse.
You...
seem nervous lately.
Is something wrong?
Well... I don't know.
That girl Hyo-jin
transferred out because of a weird rumor
with the art teacher.
What weird rumor?
Child abuse.
-Sexual?
-Yes.
What does that have to do with you?
I don't know.
The truth is, I'm scared that it might
have something to do with me.
Hey.
-Are you going somewhere?
-Yes.
-Welcome home.
-Thanks.
What?
-Where's Eun-jae going?
-Blind date.
The look on her face
was like someone going to war.
I'm Choong-hwan Cho.
I'm Eun-jae Yoo.
Hi.
So, you live with Ji-won?
Yes.
She's funny, isn't she?
-You're a psych major?
-Yes.
You must know a lot
about the human psyche.
Psychology is not
that simple a discipline.
Well... I see. I'm sorry.
How does a guy date another girl so easily
after breaking up with their girlfriend?
Sorry? Me?
-Do you mean me?
-No.
That's what I've noticed
among guys that I know.
Going on a blind date
within a month of breaking up...
Isn't that inconsiderate
to the ex-girlfriend?
That's true.
If you date someone new
after breaking up with your girlfriend,
do you meet someone similar
or the complete opposite?
Well...
I... That's...
-Each person...
-How about you?
Me? Well I...
You're very different
from what Ji-won told me about you.
My house is this way.
I'm going that way,
but I can take you home.
ROMANCE OF YOUTH
What are you doing?
Have you seen this video?
-What?
Just...
Do you text a friend, a female friend
like dozens of times a day?
"What are you doing? Did you eat?
What did you watch on TV?" Like that.
Yes. Why?
I see. That's normal.
You get annoyed
if they don't respond, right?
No. There's no need to get annoyed.
You just assume they're busy.
-Right?
-Yes.
Do you ask to hang out every weekend?
To go watch movies and stuff?
Isn't that natural
if you don't have a boyfriend?
You watch movies together
and shop together.
-Right?
-Yes.
Right?
Do you get annoyed
if she wants to bring another friend?
No. I like hanging out in groups.
-As long as it isn't someone I hate.
-Yes.
Hey.
How was it?
How was what?
What would I be asking someone
who went on a blind date?
The North Korean nuclear missiles?
Global warming?
How was the guy?
Well, he wasn't bad, but...
But?
-He was short and...
-You said no tall guys.
His face was too small.
Isn't that a good thing?
He knows too much and is too polite.
Anyway, I wasn't interested.
What the... That didn't make any sense.
That guy.
Tell him I don't want to see him.
Okay. Bye.
I said I don't want to see him.
-That's right. I told him.
-What?
Please turn him down nicely.
I can tell he's a nice guy, but...
It's okay. He said no too.
What?
He said he can tell you're a nice person,
but you aren't his type.
I see. He did?
That's good.
Good.
Why not?
Why doesn't he want to see me?
Why am I not his type?
Well, just...
What's his type?
If he didn't like me,
he should've just said so.
What the heck? That coward.
But you said the same thing...
What did I say?
-What?
-I didn't say anything.
Did you go to an all-girls school?
How did you know?
It's obvious.
-Do you have something to say?
-Well...
About Ye-ji and me.
Do we really look like that?
It's unreasonable to ask people
not to think that, the way you guys act.
No?
We're just friends.
-For her too?
-Probably?
-Then check.
-How?
-Ask her.
-How can I ask that?
She's very sensitive.
What?
You seem more sensitive, if you can't
ask something you want to ask.
Whatever.
Ever had a boyfriend?
Who? Ye-ji?
There were a lot of guys that liked her,
but she didn't...
See? And you say you aren't interested.
-What?
-You keep asking about Ye-ji.
-I do?
-Want me to introduce you?
She's super popular with guys.
She's cute, feminine, and cutesy.
That time was an exception.
She doesn't drink much.
Forget it then.
When?
I have nothing better to do anyway.
What is it? Are you expecting someone?
Yes.
Really? Who?
Let's order first. Strawberry smoothie?
Yes.
What? Who is coming?
I want to introduce someone to you.
Who?
Hey.
-I'm right on time.
-Hey.
What are you wearing?
What's wrong with it?
-Hello.
-Yes, hello.
That's mine.
What's the big deal?
Why is it so hot here?
It's so hot.
Who is he?
-The thing is...
-Me?
-Eun didn't tell you about me?
-Sorry?
You didn't tell her about me?
Well. I was just about to
introduce you to her, but...
Stop that.
She gets embarrassed so easily.
What's wrong with you?
You're so cute.
I said, quit it!
I need to use the restroom.
-What's your problem?
-Happy?
-What?
-I thought it over,
and I thought it would be best
for you to like guys.
Whether or not that's her preference,
she'll treat you as just a friend now.
That's good then. Problem solved.
How did you know?
You're an open book to me.
You can't hide anything.
Aren't you offended?
If I am, will you apologize?
That's a bit too much.
You're cute when you do that.
Do you really want to die?
Why do you always get mad
when I compliment you?
You little...
And you're unnecessarily tall.
What happened to your friend?
She won't pick up?
This is your fault.
I told you she's very sensitive.
-So?
-What if she was hurt?
If she was hurt, then so be it.
Or what? Do you plan to date her?
That's not it, but...
I hate hurting others.
Especially people who like me.
Why?
Were you hurt by someone you liked?
-Give me that. I'll carry it.
-It's okay.
Why are you mad at me?
You don't care if you hurt me?
No, not at all.
You said you hate hurting people
who like you.
What?
Give it back.
SEONGWON MARKET RENOVATION CELEBRATION
-Thank you.
You said no.
Are you in disguise?
Disguise?
Disguised as a commoner.
Pretending not to be a boy band fan.
-I'm really not.
-Then why are you here?
It's okay. A lot of fans end up
working for entertainment agencies.
You must be hot.
I'm not hot at all, if I can be on stage.
You're sweating so much, though.
This isn't sweat. It's my passion
liquefied and flowing down.
Watch me a little more, okay?
I may be small now,
but I'll be a star one day.
Is that possible?
Look at the stars now.
They were nobodies for ten years at first.
Some songs become hot five years later.
I'll get a chance one day.
-What if you don't?
-I will.
-What if you still don't?
-I'm telling you, I will.
-But what if you don't...
-I have to.
I'm screwed if I don't, so I will.
That's right. Tell me your name.
Why?
I'll say your name on stage next time.
It's okay.
-It's okay.
-I'll say your name. I'll go now.
Bye.
Okay, perfume.
-What's it like?
-Come here.
Hello.
JONG-YEOUL YOON
Hey. You know, right?
WOO-SUP HWANG
Why? Why are you buying dinner?
Just cause. Do I need a reason?
True, but still.
Did something good happen?
Every day is a good day.
That's true. What are we having?
Let's get barbecue.
No. We're going to a soju bar.
-Why?
-What do you mean?
Come with me.
Hello.
Room 7: Woo-sup Hwang plus 5
-Do you have a reservation?
-No.
We would like room eight.
-Room eight is for four or more people.
-More are coming.
What is it? Why?
We'll know when we get there. Let's go.
What's going on?
What's wrong with her?
Why don't you ask her?
Sit down.
Why do we need a reason?
We're all friends.
We have a new housemate too.
You're right. Come to think of it,
we never had a welcoming party.
There's no need.
She grumbles more when she feels awkward.
-Let's order more stuff.
-Okay.
Okay. Here's to our warm welcoming party!
-Cheers!
Bottoms up!
-Did you see the Fifth Column today?
-No.
What are you waiting for?
Get close to them and bring them home.
Eun looks so happy.
-I did not.
-See? She's grumbling again.
You know Eun, the more I see you,
I see that you're cute.
She is cute. She's the cute type.
What's wrong?
What?
You've been...
What's wrong?
I'll go.
-Where?
-I'll pretend I'm in the wrong room
and see what they're doing in room seven.
No. Don't.
What is it? Is someone in that room?
I told you it's nothing.
Hey! Jong-yeoul!
Stop it.
You okay?
Is your ex in that room?
Yes. He's on a blind date.
When I heard he was going on a blind date
so soon after we broke up...
You went on one too.
That's because I was angry that he was.
You're so clingy.
You were worse last year.
Hey. I was... That...
What's the big deal about love?
It isn't easy, is it?
You never even had a relationship.
You're confused lately, right?
It's natural. It's your first breakup.
You're lucky you're so sure
about everything.
What was your boyfriend...
I mean, your ex-boyfriend.
What is he like?
He's just...
Is he good-looking?
In terms of looks, he's just...
Good-looking? Well...
You can't really say that he's...
You can't say he's good-looking. No way.
Why not?
He's pretty handsome.
He is tall.
He has a good personality
and laughs a lot.
He's the type that girls like.
The sweet type.
He's not sweet.
Hey. Stick to one or the other, will you?
What do you want to hear?
Badmouthing or compliments?
Well...
I'm not sure either.
We need to know the music
if we're going to dance along.
Sorry.
I don't know what's gotten into me lately.
I'm so insecure and feel like
I'm becoming more and more of a loser.
I don't want to, but...
Jin-myung.
Here's to Eun-jae.
-Cheers.
I'm sorry.
Do you want to see
what the Fifth Column looks like?
Okay. I don't know who they are.
Eun is so obsessed.
-Memorize their faces.
-This is them.
What am I feeling?
First love. First breakup.
Does everyone get this confused?
If enough time passes,
will I eventually forget?
If I forget, will I be happy?
Do I want to forget?
Or do I not want to forget?
Hey. Eun-jae.
-I'm sorry.
-Hey...
Hey, give me that.
It's okay.
The sun will rise again tomorrow.
I wish it wouldn't.
I wish the world would come to an end.
Don't annihilate seven billion people
just because you feel humiliated.
How humiliating. Seriously.
-You think he figured it out?
-That's a given.
There are so many bars by our school.
And right in the next room, too.
Only an idiot wouldn't figure it out.
Poor Eun-jae.
I would take the semester off.
It's that bad?
What's wrong with her?
She's laughing, right?
Was the shock too much,
that she went crazy?
-Eun-jae.
-Yes?
What is it?
He wasn't there.
Who wasn't?
Why is she so happy about that?
She thinks he didn't go
because he isn't over her.
Hey. I can name 105 reasons
why he couldn't go.
He got enteritis. His dad got enteritis.
His mom got enteritis. He got gastritis.
-Let her be happy.
-His dad got gastritis.
Not being over Eun-jae
could be among the 105 reasons.
Sure, it isn't utterly impossible.
What happened yesterday?
Are you mad?
Why would I be?
You tell me.
Of course, I'm mad.
I thought we were friends.
Why didn't you tell me
about your boyfriend?
What?
Wouldn't you be mad?
Sorry.
Who is he? What does he do?
He's our landlord's relative.
He's watching the house for her
for a while.
You couldn't have dated long.
-It's not what you think...
-Congrats.
Thanks.
-Hello.
Are you doing well?
-Yes.
Let's take attendance.
Bo-ra Kang.
-Okay. Kyung-moo Koo?
-Yes.
I pretend not to know,
because if I say that I know,
I can't pretend not to know anymore.
-It's so nice out.
-Seriously.
We should go somewhere to enjoy it.
I see only what I want to see
because if I see too many things,
I'll lose my way.
NAME OF GROUP, SCORE
HEIMDALLR
I don't care...
because it's useless anyway.
I believe only what I want to believe
because that makes me slightly happier.
Hyo-jin Moon, May 10th, 2004
On a field trip
I remember only what I want to remember
because I must protect myself.
What didn't you know back then?
You don't know me, do you?
No.
I guess you don't.
Pretty shoes.
Hide well so I don't see you
Here I come!
Tie your hair sometimes.
How is even the back of your neck pretty?
A way to win your ex-boyfriend back?
A flower? Show him a side of you
that he didn't see before.
-You'll go with me, right?
-What is that crap?
I'm looking for a friend Hyo-jin Moon,
who had transferred out.
What does her running away
during junior high have to do with us?
Just in case, but don't tell me
that you like me or anything.
I heard you're going to the army. When?
-Ye-ji is really cute, isn't she?
-You're cute too.
For the remaining five,
their contracts will be canceled.
Are you stressed? Eat this and cheer up.
Let's avoid any problems
and make it clean.
Chin up, my number one fan!
Just a minute. Have you been okay lately?
Are you getting strange texts...
Madame Jung. What is it?
ARE YOU MORE COMFORTABLE FINANCIALLY NOW?
No. I still have my college loans,
and my mom's debt,
so it'll probably be the same for a while.
About 90% of the price of clothing
is fluff,
so I buy clothes without the fluff.
I went to a hotel in Busan for work,
so I got to see my boyfriend then.
It was an important decision for Asgard,
so I wanted to be as thoughtful
as I could be.
SOME SAY YOU SEE YOUR BROTHER
SOO-MYUNG IN HEIMDALLR.
I do not.
HOW TALL?
A little taller than 170cm.
No, I'm not 180cm.
What you mean, 180cm? That's ridiculous.
I suddenly started to grow
after the sixth grade.
I grew 12cm in a year.
YOUR DAD'S NEW FAMILY...
What, I'm my dad's old family?
WAS THE LETTER DESTINY?
It's nothing that grand.
It just made me angry.
WAS YOUR FIRST ENCOUNTER
WITH JANG-HOON ALSO DESTINY?
Whatever.
WOW! WHAT'S THIS?
THAT REACTION WAS NOT EXPECTED.
It's bitter.
I don't usually eat when I drink.
THEY SAY YOUR PERSONALITY VARIES.
IS THERE A FORMULA FOR THAT?
Well, the thing is...
The best is being with people I can trust
in a familiar place.
Being alone in a familiar place.
Being with people I can trust
in an unfamiliar place.
Being alone in an unfamiliar place.
March was the worst.
WHEN WAS THE TOUGHEST?
WHAT FEARS YOU MOST?
My biggest fear is
what if I stay like this forever.
WHAT WOULD YOU SAY TO DOO-YOUNG?
To repent for what he did to me.
God says to forgive everything, so...
Anyway, I just hope
he never shows up again.
MORE FOOD?
I want seafood ramen.
I would like seafood ramen with an egg.
ARE YOU HAPPY THAT JONG-YEOUL DIDN'T GO?
No.
YOU'VE CHANGED THE PAST YEAR.
How?
YOUR FACE, CHARACTER...
I did? I can't tell.
YOU DRINK A LOT.
My mom drinks a lot.
She drinks more than my dad.
It's not that I'm not over Jong-yeoul...
ARE YOU OVER JONG-YEOUL?
Excuse me. Another bottle of soju...
Hello.
SORRY I'M LATE. DID YOU DRINK A LOT?
Not at all. I've been waiting.
Shall we begin?
Excuse me! I need a new shot glass!
Subtitle translation by Jeong